hey what's up I got just a super quick
haul video I got a few new figures and I
got cast as Bella which I think I'm
gonna leave on card I'm not the biggest
Shiro fan so and I got a ton of Zola
world cases which was cool it's they're
kind of expensive though I was like a
haul on its own
I still need one for that beat-up sir
rod but all of these are in cases now
and I did get Stratos and snout spouts
very cool and webstore got webstore just
the other day it's on a really clean
card it's happy to get web store use
always one of my favorites as a kid I
like the card back too so yeah they're
all in cases I mean these are an
investment because they're expensive got
to keep them protected the only thing I
need cases for is that dragon boss or
Skeletor and I'd like to find a model
they make them maybe you guys know for
the Kaldor baker stuff like that I did
get one for that a man that was cool and
there's beast man hanging out right
there
and for what else all I got armor for my
custom Wonderbread which looks great I
was super happy with it got him in front
of grade school for now main classics
wise I got that little turntable you can
see Eman turns around why not looks good
right I like it it's pretty cool I got
that was like 24 bucks or something like
that but it's cool i like it and i got
clamp champ there it's a great update
from the original super happy to finally
get clamped champ and the evil warriors
let's see the only one new here is Ozai
sir
which is a great figure I don't have a
Filmation sub so I'm just gonna cherry
pick the ones I want and this is
definitely what I wanted and he's
awesome he looks cold you know that
little white shading whatever they put
on them really looks great it's a cool
figure oh that's pretty much the same
and the vintage is the same I did get a
new Prince Adam though and he's in
excellent shape he's close to mint as
you can get a little bit of yellowing on
the shirt but that's normal but he's got
his belt his jacket looks great so that
was an awesome find I want to get him on
card if I can find him on card I'd be
happy and then at the bottom only thing
new is the new adventures he-man which
is one of my favorite classic figures it
is awesome the fact that he can hold the
sword that way as a long time coming
better late than never
there's the Horde and snake man
yeah so that's my whole nothing too much
spend a lot of money owns all the world
cases honestly but it's worth it
and we could turn I got my daughter in
here we could turn around and look at
the 2000 X just we got the camera out
there's my daughter since the camera is
out let's go look around I'll show you
my other kids what the hell this is my
daughter's room she's not in here yeah
oh there goes my son on the computer he
loves a computer that's where I like and
watch all you guys videos where she goes
well this is our playroom it's my wife
and other daughter playing Mario Kart
well the bad words are coming from every
time she loses she's got the worst mouth
when she loses Mario Kart she gets
pissed right that's it
he-man Hall turned into a quick turret
part of the house alright guys later